Update README.md and add CHANGELOG.md (#36)
Kotlin/kotlinx-benchmark: README.md

[![JetBrains incubator project](https://jb.gg/badges/incubator.svg)](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/ALL/JetBrains+on+GitHub)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20License%202.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
[![Build status](https://teamcity.jetbrains.com/guestAuth/app/rest/builds/buildType:(id:KotlinTools_KotlinxCollectionsImmutable_Build_All)/statusIcon.svg)](https://teamcity.jetbrains.com/viewType.html?buildTypeId=KotlinTools_KotlinxCollectionsImmutable_Build_All)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.jetbrains.kotlinx/kotlinx-benchmark-runtime.svg?label=Maven%20Central)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:%22org.jetbrains.kotlinx%22%20AND%20a:%22kotlinx-benchmark-runtime%22)

> > **_NOTE:_** &nbsp; The latest version of the library breaks dependency declarations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** &nbsp; The latest version of the library changes how the plugin and runtime library dependencies are declared:
```

> > * The `-dev-X` suffix have been dropped from the library versioning pattern, and the latest published version is `0.3.0`

Author: removed

# Requirements

Gradle 6.8 or newer

Kotlin 1.4.30 or newer

# Gradle plugin

> Add repository in `settings.gradle` to enable Gradle Plugin Portal for plugin lookup

Reviewer 2: Yes. This is not required anymore.
Gradle will look if it finds the plugin in its "build in" tool. Otherwise in the gradlePluginPortal... So this section can be removed.

> Add repository in `settings.gradle` to enable Gradle Plugin Portal for plugin lookup

Author: Removed

buildscript {
    repositories {
        …
        gradlePluginPortal()
    }
    dependencies {
        classpath "org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-benchmark-plugin:0.3.0"
    }
}
 

> apply plugin: 'org.jetbrains.kotlinx.benchmark'

Reviewer: We can replace this section about the legacy way to apply plugin with a link to https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/org.jetbrains.kotlinx.benchmark

Author: Added plugin badge and removed this section

```groovy
repositories {

>     mavenCentral()

Reviewer: AFAIK it doesn't require to be configured explicitly.

Reviewer 2: Why not?
Of course, it has to.
In which repository should gradle look if not declared?

Reviewer: ok, you're right

Reviewer 2: Sorry if I sounded a little bit rude with that 🙈

On the other side, this may can removed as well. Depending on how much "copy paste code" you want to provide.
Most open source projects just provide the code snipped of the dependency declaration. Since you mention above already that it is published to mavenCentral, a consumer of the library/plugin could be so smart to know how to declare that repository in Gradle by themself.

To use the library in a JVM-only project add the platform to the artifact name, e.g.:

```groovy

> implementation("org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-benchmark-runtime-jvm:0.3.0")

Reviewer: Thanks to gradle metadata, the root artifact name can be used everywhere.

Author: Rephrased source set dependency delaration and removed platform specific suffix note
